Streaming By ARCloud Api
Arise.
Good.
How long has it been?
About three hours.
That's roughly three days
on the other side, right?
It's supposed to be particularly
harsh inside of a red gate.
Then that Sung Jinwoo guy is probably dead.
What a waste of time.
No... Hang on. Sung Jinwoo isn't
with the White Tiger Guild, is he?
Then why exactly is he with your strike team?
He's an acquaintance of mine.
He wanted to observe a C-Rank raid,
so I brought him in.
Oh, is that all?
You really think I'm that gullible?!
What have you dug up this time?
You've always had a knack for
sniffing out where interesting new—
Hwang Dongsoo.
Take your hands off him!
You really wanna start giving me orders?
You think you're a big fish
in this tiny pond of a country?
Say that again.
This isn't good!
If they're not stopped soon,
we'll have an S-Rank battle on our hands!
You want some?
It was too cold... No...
If we had our gear, we could've won...
I thought it was strange none
of the ice bears had come out!
It can't be... Did those E-Ranks do this?!
No way! They couldn't be strong enough!
Wait, the Ice Slayers...
They're here, too!
Shit!
Not too shabby.
Thanks to you both holding back at the
last second, my arms remain intact.
I'm not sure what your interest
is in him, Hunter Hwang,
but I personally re-evaluated him
two months ago.
I can guarantee you
that Hunter Sung is E-Rank.
The Surveillance Team has declared
Hunter Hwang Dongsuk's cause of death
as being KIA in battle against a magic beast.
That's just the story for the public, though.
And an obviously fake one, too.
The real killer's gotta be that rich
little turd from Yoojin Construction.
If you think that, then why
are you after Hunter Sung?
Ain't it obvious?
It's just an excuse.
An excuse to kill the guy.
He's a lucky bastard.
Hunter Hwang!
Nobody understands
Hunter Sung's power like I do.
I know for a fact that
he will survive, and return.
And so, then I was out of money to buy gear!
I'm telling you! I was off by a factor of ten!
It was that expensive!
What the hell are weaklings
like you doing alive?!
Really?
So much that I had to take
all of the weapons and—
You've got cold-weather gear,
blankets, tents, and even food!
Oh, is that what happened?
Hey!
Hunter Kim?
My entire strike team was wiped out!
Because they didn't have gear and supplies!
That's...
Who hid all of this?!
Who was the one that hoarded all this
equipment and got my friends killed?!
Oh, I see.
H-Heejin...
You knew all along, didn't you?
That's why you went with them.
Any collaborators will be
considered guilty, too!
I want a confession by the count of three!
One!
Two!
I know who did it...
Sung Jinwoo!
Three!
You're blaming your friends'
death on who, exactly?
Mister!
Captain!
And you dragged in a bunch of extra trouble...
Drop the Stealth. Your aura's way
too strong to not notice, anyway.
Are those ice elves?!
And so many of them!
That guy must be the boss.
Imagine my surprise...
Finding out that some of you scum
know what you're doing.
Excuse me?
Are you calling us scum when...
...You actually understand our language?
Actually... Why do I?
You can speak the magic beasts' language?
I guess I can thank the system for that.
If you can understand me,
then I'll make this simple.
My friend here has informed me...
that one of the humans
we've encountered is strong.
He also wants to fight you—
And?
Interesting.
He's not gonna go down easy.
This keeps getting better.
Tell me, you're not human,
so why are you pretending to be one?
Oh, I suppose you aren't aware?
We can hear a voice.
It tells us to kill humans.
But we don't hear it when it comes to you.
A voice...?
Could it be similar to the system directives?
The voice not directing them against me
could stem from me being the Player.
There's no need for us to fight.
Let's handle this the sensible way.
Hand over those humans behind you,
and we'll leave you alone.
How about it? What do you say to our offer?
Who exactly are you?
Why are you fighting humans, anyway?
We are—
Hand over those humans behind you,
and we'll leave you alone.
What was that just now?
How about it? What do you say to our offer?
I'm sure you'll agree.
No, I won't.
You intend on making enemies of us?
As you can see, the numbers are on our side.
Are you sure about that?
Wh-What is this?
M-Monsters! A bunch of monsters just appeared!
Black soldiers and black ice bears?!
Are these all...
Hunter Sung, did you do this?!
What a waste of time.
A waste? You really think so?
Hurry! We won't be any help
in a fight like this!
I can see why he was so confident.
My summons might be immortal, but
their regeneration costs magic power.
I have a lot, but it'll run out eventually.
Then there's the boss.
He's pretty clearly stronger than me.
Even if I fought alongside Igris,
it'd probably be tough.
Regular soldiers aren't going to cut it.
I need a stronger fighting force.
My name is Barca.
What's yours?
Sung Jinwoo.
I haven't enjoyed a fight like this in ages.
What hit me...?
Sung Jinwoo!
I was able to buy some time
with the magic soldiers.
That just leaves...
Is that the best your men can do?!
Sung Jinwoo!
Die!
The humans have abandoned you, too!
Worthless! Hiding won't save you!
Sung Jinwoo!
Die!
Kim Chul. I figured that was your next move.
Worthless!
Sung Jinwoo... You bastard!
You knew... this would happen...?
Damn it all!
Arise.
Hiding won't save you!
Iron.
From now on, your name is Iron.
Isn't that interesting?!
I'll cut you to pieces first!
Not very agile, are you?
Heejin, are hunter battles always like this?
Do you really think I could
be a hunter if they were?
I've never seen anything like this before.
This is really happening, isn't it...?
This one isn't satisfying enough.
You and the knight need to face me, too!
Is that right?
You get to die first!
He was able to avoid a
fatal hit amidst all that?
You're taking me too lightly, aren't you?
You're definitely strong.
But what about your soldiers?
I doubt your rabble will
amount to much without you!
Throwing away your weapon?! Fool!
Iron!
How dare you?!
I'll slaughter you all!
It's already over.
Don't give me that!
It's over when I say it's over!
Like I said...
It's already over.
Looks like I managed to beat him.
Hey! Enough already!
Show some restraint.
I hope this doesn't become a problem.
Is it over?
Yes.
We should get going now.
Back out of the gate.
Yes! We get to go home!
What a relief...
It felt like forever!
Finally.
But first...
At this point, I believe it's
been a week inside the gate.
The rest of us can stay on standby.
You should head home, President.
I'm not going to do that when
we've got guild members inside.
I'll wait until morning.
Those are people... They're coming out!
Hunter Kim!
I knew you could pull it off!
President Baek!
Hunter Park... Hunter Go.
I'm glad to see you two are all right.
What about the others?
Hunter Sung!
I knew it!
The gate... closed?
Where are the others? Where's Hunter Kim?
Well...
The lower ranks are
the only ones who returned?
What in the world went on in there...?
Let's go. I'll drive you home.
Oh, r-right.
Hang on a second.
I'd like to ask you some questions.
I'm exhausted.
Save the questions
for someone from your guild.
That wasn't me asking for a favor.
It was an order, or failing that, a threat.
Six members of my guild have gone missing.
And it falls to me to find out
what happened to them.
That might be true, but I saved
the two surviving members.
So doesn't it fall to you
to show me the proper gratitude first?
You'll have to excuse me.
You are absolutely right.
I apologize.
Hunter Park...
Yes?
Who in the world was that?
Not exactly friendly, is he?
Well... After he beat the boss,
his mood turned sour all of a sudden.
Most likely from exhaustion.
He's not a bad guy.
Manager Ahn...
You need to bring him to our guild,
no matter what it takes.
Y-Yes, sir!
Looks like I was right all along.
Good work today.
Have a safe trip home.
Um... Jinwoo?
Just "Jinwoo"?
Thank you for today.
I'll be counting on you tomorrow...
or whenever the next time is.
Sure...
Come to think of it, it hasn't
even been a whole day out here.
This was the only thing of note
I managed to earn.
He must've been too high a level...
I wasn't able to extract him,
even after three tries.
Damn it!
A lot of effort for not much gain.
Although...
That's the third time.
Jinwoo? I'm gonna eat without you!
I'm on the way.
Good morning!
You're wearing... that?
Yep! Let's get moving.
All right, then.
We'll be picking someone up along the way.
Good morning, Captain!
Oh... Good morning.
Sorry about needing to get
picked up like this, Jinwoo.
Just Jinwoo?!
Did you get any sleep after all that?
Not even a little!
Well, considering how late it was
when you got home...
She got home in the morning...
Good point.
Jinwoo, did you—
and didn't sleep at all?!
Is that what's going on here?!
Get some sleep now.
I'll let you know when it's time.
Uh, Boss...?
Oh, thank you.
You know that Miss Han... is underage, right?
And?
Nothing. Never mind.
Let's get to work so we can finish fast.
Right, Jinwoo!
Right...